Configure gripper speed and effort with hardware interface (#1002)
ros-controls/ros2_controllers: antipodal_gripper_controller/doc/userdoc.rst

:github_url: https://github.com/ros-controls/ros2_controllers/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/antipodal_gripper_controller/doc/userdoc.rst

.. _antipodal_gripper_controller_userdoc:

> Gripper Action Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Antipodal Gripper Action Controller
```

--------------------------------

> Controller for executing a gripper command action for simple single-dof antipodal grippers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Controller for executing a `AntipodalGripperCommand` action for simple antipodal grippers.
```

Robotiq 2F grippers are Antipodal and not `single-dof` even though you can command them with a single value.

> Controller for executing a ``AntipodalGripperCommand`` action for simple antipodal grippers.

Reviewer 2: Yes some more documentation would be helpful. It would also be nice to add some gripper manufacturers that are of antipodal type. It would be easier for the people to connect
